i'm doing
a film about my nightmares as i'm
dreaming them in order for the movie to
continue
it was dependent on me having more
nightmares well fortunately i did
i'm a little frightened by what wes may
have tapped into i
frankly felt that it was over when we
did the last the final nightmare
in a town where movies go over schedule
and directors go over budget
something far more evil is out of
control
the world of horror films suffered its
own terror today as
two of hollywood's best known special
effects technicians
were found dead part of the theme of the
movie is
becoming like part of the making of the
[Music]
movie
can you come with me in my dreams
[Music]
i think that only happens in the movies
it happens when the story dies the evil
is set free
now the films have ended the genie's out
of the bottle
that's what the nightmares are telling
me and that's what i'm writing this is
still a script we're talking about right
whis he's decided to cross over
out of films into our reality the only
way to stop him is to make another movie
oh my god
the bad man's getting off close you're
gonna have to make a choice
what kind of choice whether or not
you're willing to play nancy
one last time
cut the effect isn't there somebody who
can stop
him that person's you who i mean it was
you that gave nazir strength
[Music]
wow
you